[Synthetics] Docs on secrets and params (#806)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-params-secrets.asciidoc

If you try to run the example above you'll notice an error because we haven't specified a value for the `url` parameter.
Parameter values can be declared by any of the following methods:

* Declaring a default value for the parameter in a configuration file.
* Passing the `--suite-params` CLI argument. 
* Specifying the parameter in the heartbeat yaml config using the `params` option.

The values in the configuration file are read first, then merged with either the CLI argument, or the Heartbeat
option, with the CLI and Heartbeat options taking precedence over the configuration file.

These options are discussed in detail in the sections below.

[discrete]
[[synthetics-configs]]
== Using a config file to set params

Use a `synthetics.config.js` or `synthetics.config.ts` file to define variables your tests always need to be defined. 
This file should be placed in the root of your synthetics project. 

[source,js]
----
export default (env) => {
  let url = "http://localhost:8080";
  if (env === "production") {
    url = "https://elastic.github.io/synthetics-demo/"
  }
  return {
    params: {
      url,
    },
  };
};
----

> Note that we use the `env` variable in the above example, which corresponds to the value of the `-e` or `--environment` CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we use the `env` variable in the above example, which corresponds to the value of the `NODE_ENV` value
```

[[synthetics-params-secrets]]
= Working with params and secrets

++++
<titleabbrev>Working with parameters and secrets</titleabbrev>
++++

[discrete]
[[synthetics-params-secrets-overview]]
== Overview

beta[] You may need to use dynamically defined values in your synthetic scripts, which may sometimes be sensitive. 
For instance, you may want to test a production website with a special demo account whose password is only known to the team administering heartbeat. 
Another scenario might be that you want to use a different URL when running the tests under heartbeat then running them locally using the synthetics agent. 
Solving these problems is where params come in. Params are variables that can be used within a synthetic suite. 
They can be defined either in the suites config file, on the synthetics agent command line, or in a heartbeat yaml config.

It should also be noted that since synthetics is a full javascript environment it is also possible to use regular environment variables via
the standard node `process.env` global object.

[discrete]
[[synthetics-basic-params]]

> === Parameter Basics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Parameter Basics
```

When writing a test suite, parameters can be referenced via the `params` property available within the 
argument to a `journey`, `before`, `beforeAll`, `after`, or `afterAll` callback function.

[source,js]
----
beforeAll(({params}) => {
  console.log(`Visiting ${params.url}`)
})

journey("My Journey", ({ page, params }) => {
    step('launch app', async () => {
      await page.goto(params.url);<1>
    });
});
----

> <1> Note that in a typescript program you would want to instead use `params.url as string`.

Author: I'm targeting these docs at people who may be relatively new to TS, for instance, python devs trying to add synthetics, so anything surprising may be a good thing to add.

If you try to run the example above you'll notice an error because we haven't specified a value for the `url` parameter.
Parameter values can be declared by any of the following methods, listed in order of increasing precedence:

* Declaring a default value for the parameter in a configuration file.
* Passing the `--suite-params` CLI argument. 
* Specifying the parameter in the heartbeat yaml config using the `params` option.

A common pattern is to use a configuration file for default values to be configured via a configuration file, using the 
`--suite-params` CLI argument, or `params` heartbeat option to override these defaults in the given environment. 

These options are discussed in detail in the sections below.

[discrete]
[[synthetics-configs]]

> === Using a config file to set params

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Using a config file to set params
```

Use a `synthetics.config.js` or `synthetics.config.ts` file to define variables your tests always need to be defined. 
This file should be placed in the root of your synthetics project. 

[source,js]
----
export default (env) => {
  let url = "http://localhost:8080";
  if (env === "production") {
    url = "https://elastic.github.io/synthetics-demo/"
  }
  return {
    params: {
      url,
    },
  };
};
----

> Note that in the above example we use the `env` variable, which corresponds to the value of the `-e` or `--environment` CLI

Reviewer: Can we also say users can also rely on NODE_ENV for defining environments as we can deprecate this flag in future versions.

> Note that in the above example we use the `env` variable, which corresponds to the value of the `-e` or `--environment` CLI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that we use the `env` variable in the above example, which corresponds to the value of the `-e` or `--environment` CLI
```

flag for `elastic-synthetics`, or the `environment` parameter in the `browser` monitor definition. 

[discrete]
[[synthetics-configs]]

> === Using CLI arguments to set params

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Using CLI arguments to set params
```

> Use the `--suite-params` or `-s` arguments to the `elastic-synthetics` program to set parameters when running `elastic-synthetics` on
> the command line. The provided map will be merged over any existing variables defined in the `synthetics.config.{js,ts}` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set parameters when running `elastic-synthetics` on the command line, use the `--suite-params` or `-s` arguments to the `elastic-synthetics` program. The provided map is merged over any existing variables defined in the `synthetics.config.{js,ts}` file.
```

To override the `url` parameter, you would run: `elastic-synthetics . --suite-params '{"url": "http://localhost:8080"}'`

> [discrete]

Reviewer 2: For the docs build to pass, this [discrete] needs to be moved above the other title attribute on line 89.

> [[synthetics-configs]]

Reviewer 2: This title attribute is the same as the one on line 80. For the docs build to pass it needs to be unique. Maybe [[synthetics-heartbeat-options]]

> === Using Heartbeat options to set params

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Using Heartbeat options to set params
```

> When running via Heartbeat use the `params` option to set additional parameters. These will be passed through the `--suite-params` flag
> mentioned above, and have their values merged over any default values. In the example below we run the todos app, overriding the `url`
> parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When running via Heartbeat use the `params` option to set additional parameters, passed through the `--suite-params` flag
mentioned above and have their values merged over any default values. In the example below we run the todos app, overriding the `url`
parameter.
```

[source,yaml]
----
- name: Todos
  id: todos
  type: browser
  schedule: "@every 3m"
  tags: todos-app
  params:
    url: "https://elastic.github.io/synthetics-demo/"
  source:
    zip_url:
      url: "https://github.com/elastic/synthetics-demo/archive/refs/heads/main.zip"
      folder: "synthetics-tests"
----

> [[synthetics-configs]]

Reviewer 2: This title attribute is the same as the one on line 80. For the docs build to pass, it needs to be unique. Maybe [[synthetics-sensitive-values]]. You also need to add an [discrete] attribute above it.

> === Working with secrets and sensitive values

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Working with secrets and sensitive values
```

Your synthetics scripts may require the use of passwords or other sensitive secrets that are not known till runtime. Before we continue, it is 
important to remember that since synthetics scripts have no limitations, a malicious script author could write a synthetics journey that 

> exfiltrates `params` and other data at runtime. It is generally best not to use truly sensitive passwords (e.g. an admin password to test an admin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
exfiltrates `params` and other data at runtime. Therefore, it is generally best not to use truly sensitive passwords (e.g. an admin password to test an admin
```

> panel, or a real credit card) in *any* synthetics tools. Instead, setup limited dummy accounts, or fake credit cards with limited functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
panel, or a real credit card) in *any* synthetics tools. Instead, set up limited demo accounts, or fake credit cards with limited functionality.
```

Author: Will incorporate `set up` but not the change from `dummy` -> `demo`. `demo` implies something used for demonstration, not a test.

Reviewer 2: Good point. Thanks.

> Use either environment variables or the heartbeat keystore to handle any values needing encryption at rest. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use either environment variables or the Heartbeat keystore to handle any values needing encryption at rest. 
```
